Many B2B companies are wasting money
chasing cheap leads that never close.
They're paying a few dollars per click
on crowded platforms while high intent
buyers [music] are making six figure
decisions somewhere they ignore because
it looks too expensive. After 25 years
of being in digital marketing and
millions in ads been tested, I can tell
you this. One of the most underpriced
attention opportunities in B2B right now
is [music] LinkedIn advertising. That's
if you know how to play the game. Most
marketers don't though. In this video,
I'll show you exactly how it works and
how to use it to win better clients, not
just cheaper clicks. Chapter one, the
cost per lead illusion. Everyone's
obsessed with cheap leads, but cheap
leads don't drive revenue or closed
deals do. You're measuring the wrong
thing. Cost per lead means nothing if
those leads never buy. Let me show you
the math that most B2B marketers get
wrong. You run Facebook ads. You spend
thousands of dollars. You get 200 leads
at five bucks each. Your dashboard looks
great. You feel like a genius. Then
reality hits. Out of those 200 leads,
190 goes to you after the first email.
Eight. Book a discovery call. But
they're not decision makers. Two
actually close. Maybe. Real cost per
deal, $500, not five bucks. Now, let's
say you run the same test on LinkedIn.
Same $1,000 budget. You get five leads
at $200 each. Expensive, right? Except
three of those leads are VPs or above.
Two of them close for $50 to $100,000
per contract. [music] Cost per deal
still $500. But here's what nobody talks
about. The hidden cost of bad leads.
Every unqualified lead burns 30 minutes
of [music] your sales team's time.
Discovery calls, follow-ups, proposals,
prep, all for someone who is never going
to buy. LinkedIn leads are different.
They come in educated. They've been
researching for months. They're not
asking, "What do you sell?" They're
asking, "Why should I choose you over
your competitor?" That's the difference
between [music] interruption marketing
and intent marketing. So, stop
celebrating low cost per leads. Start
tracking cost per closed deal. If you
can't connect your ad spend to actual
revenue, you're flying blind. The
platform that gives you cheaper leads
isn't the [music] platform that
necessarily gives you better customers.
Chapter two, you're not in the
consideration cell. Your buyers have
already decided who they're going to
talk to and you aren't part of the
conversation. Let me walk you through
the actual B2B buyer journey. Month one
and two. Problem awareness. [music] They
Google it. They watch YouTube videos.
They read blog posts. Month three and
four, solution research. They join
LinkedIn groups. They read case studies.
They ask their network for
recommendations. Month five and six,
vendor comparison. They stalk you on
your LinkedIn page. They read posts from
your employees. They're looking for red
flags. By the time they fill out the
form on your website, the decision is
already made. You're either in the top
three or you're not. And here's a brutal
truth. If you weren't part of the
LinkedIn research phase in months three
and four, you never make that short
list. Here's the opportunity. LinkedIn
has 1.2 billion users, but only 1% post
regularly. That's not saturation. That's
white space. Your competitors aren't
showing up. Your buyers are scrolling
every day. And the brands that
consistently post valuable content,
they're the ones who get remembered when
the buying decision happens 6 to 12
months later. If you're not on LinkedIn,
you don't exist in the consideration
set. LinkedIn is one of the main places
B2B buyers validate decisions, often
more than meta and alongside Google and
review sites. So, the first move isn't
running ads, it's showing up. Post twice
a week at minimum. Share insights,
answer questions, be visible during the
research phase because a platform
doesn't just [music] drive clicks, it
drives trust. And trust is what closes
six figure deals. Now, if you want
someone to just for you, check out our
ad agency, NP Digital, where we help do
all the digital marketing for companies,
not just running ads, but even posting
and managing their social media
profiles. Because the last thing you
want to do is post content on LinkedIn
that no one engages with. Chapter three,
the platform finally caught up. For
years, LinkedIn ads were clunky, manual,
and frustrating. They just changed, and
most marketers haven't noticed.
LinkedIn's algorithm and ad platform now
operates much more like meta's [music]
algorithmic AI assisted and conversion
optimized except it knows your job title
and company revenue. Let me tell you why
LinkedIn advertising used to suck for
years. It used to feel like using Google
ads in 2003. Manual bidding, terrible
targeting, most marketers tried it once,
got burned and never came back. But in
2024 and 2025, LinkedIn [music]
completely overhauled the platform. They
built algorithmic optimization similar
to Meta's advantage plus. They added AI
creative tools and they massively
improved CRM integration. Now LinkedIn's
algorithm is becoming smart like MetaS
except it has something Meta doesn't.
First party B2B data. And here's the
unfair advantage. Meta knows you like to
post about project management software.
LinkedIn knows you're a director of
operations at a $50 million company.
Meta targets behaviors. LinkedIn targets
[music] budgets and that's why
LinkedIn's CPMs are higher because the
data is better. You're not buying
impressions. You're buying access to
decision makers with purchasing
authority. The platform caught up. Your
strategy needs to catch up, too. Stop
running LinkedIn like it's 2018. Treat
it like you treat meta. Test creative
aggressively. Let the algorithm optimize
feed conversion signals. Chapter 4.
Creative is your new targeting.
Postarkers are still handcuffing the
algorithm with hypersp specific
targeting. That's the old way. Creative
is a new targeting. The biggest mistake
my team and I see when taking over
LinkedIn accounts is over segmentation.
Marketers say, "I only want to target
CEOs at fintech companies with $100
million in revenue in these five
cities." Sounds smart, right? Except you
just gave the algorithm a pool of 200
people. It can't learn. it can't
optimize. Eric Stubbins, our associate
director of paid social at NP Digital,
puts it this way. [music] The algorithm
is handcuffed. A lot of times, if you
know there's another buyer out there
that's going to take the same action you
want, but you've put so many
restrictions on it, it can't go and get
them. Once you take those handcuffs off,
boom, it frees up. And here's what
[music] actually works. Broaden your
targeting. Let the algorithm find
patterns. You upload your ad, the
algorithm serves it. Someone watches it,
someone clicks, someone converts. The
algorithm sees everything about those
people, their scrolling behavior, their
content they engage with and starts
serving your ad to [music] look alikes.
This is why creative matters more than
ever. Your creative tells the algorithm
who to find. Bad creative means raw
signals. Good creative finds your exact
buyer. So what actually works on
LinkedIn? Thought leadership ads work.
especially organic [music] posts from
your CEO leadership team then boosted
with ad spend. That combination performs
pretty well. Video is also working on
LinkedIn. It wasn't always true, but it
is now. Simple single image ads still
get some of the highest clickthrough
rates, and message ads can see open
rates around 50% or more when they're
done right. But here's a big mistake
people make. They start with ads too
early. Start with organic first. Post
content. See where your audience
responds to. Then put ad dollars behind
posts that are already proving they
work. And when you do run ads, lead with
education, not promotion. Content like,
"Here's what you should do before buying
X will outperform buy X now almost every
[music] time." Because people aren't on
LinkedIn to shop. They're there to
evaluate and make decisions.
Chapter 5, the budget reality and why
it's worth it. LinkedIn costs 20 times
more per lead than Meta. And if you're
in B2B, it's still your best investment.
Let's talk about the number that scares
everyone. Cost per lead. On Meta, you
may see leads for $5 or $10. On
LinkedIn, it's often $100 to $250,
sometimes even higher. We have
enterprise clients paying close to
$1,000 per lead, and they're happy to do
it. Most marketers see that and
immediately walk away. That's a mistake
because not all leads are the same.
There's a big difference between a
marketingqualified lead and a
salesqualified lead. A marketing
qualified lead is someone who's filled
out a form. Salesqualified lead is
someone who actually wants to buy and
has the authority and budget to do it.
Meta tends to generate more marketing
qualified leads. High volume dashboard
looks great, but sales teams often spend
hours chasing people who are never
serious buyers. LinkedIn tends to
generate more salesqualified leads,
decision makers, budget owners, and
people already deep in the research
process. That difference saves money in
ways most dashboards don't show. Your
sales team spends less time chasing dead
ends and more time closing real
opportunities. The second piece is the
time horizon. B2B sales cycles are long,
often months, not weeks. If you judge
LinkedIn the same way you judge short
cycle channels, you're using the wrong
lens. LinkedIn works best when you
measure performance across quarters, not
week to week. You might see someone
click on an ad early in the year,
download a resource later, then book a
demo a few months later, and then close
a large deal. That path matters. There's
also a mindset shift here. Fewer, better
leads beats more weaker leads. A lot of
teams panic when lead volume drops, but
five real buyers will drive more revenue
than 200 casual form fills. LinkedIn
isn't ideal if your deal size is small
or your sales cycle is very short. But
if your average deal is $10,000 or more,
it should absolutely be part of your
mix. The rules for B2B customer
acquisition have shifted. LinkedIn isn't
just another ad platform. It's where
your buyers are making decisions without
[music] you. And this is only one of the
big shifts that are happening right now.
If you want to see what else is changing
in digital marketing, watch one of these
videos